hello everyone and welcome to the next
in our series of daily origami for
YouTube today we're going to continue
making fun items for summer vacation
even though a lot of kids are getting
ready to go back to school soon here
but I thought today we would make a
little puffy balloon like style bunny
and for this project you need one piece
of origami paper and let me start off by
putting some creases in my paper I'm
going to put fold paper in half both
vertically and horizontally then I go
ahead and make sure my color side is
facing down and I'm gonna put the
diagonal folds in here as well then you
should be able to fairly easily pinch
and let's bring it to a triangular shape
here make a good crease down the middle
and the size we want to do is we're
going to go ahead and bring these tips
up to the top of this triangle here and
get a good crease and do that for both
sides
and then you want to go ahead and bring
in these sides to the center and do that
for this side as well and then we're
going to take this tip and what we want
to do is we're going to put it inside
this pocket didn't you see here and push
it down as far as you can and create a
crease there do that for the other side
as well
you show something that looks like this
we're going to turn it over we're going
to fold up our flaps to the tip here as
well in the back both sides do that now
what we want to do here rather than
repeating this steps we've just done on
the other side we're going to create the
little ears for the bunny so I'm just
gonna fold down these flaps here just a
little bit kind of arbitrarily here a
little tiny ear for the bunny here make
those both sides similar if you can and
then what we want to do is we're gonna
go ahead and fold this flap here into
the center so I'm just gonna fold this
over and then bring this to the middle
here fold it back do the same thing on
this side you should have something that
looks like this and then I like with
regular balloons you'll notice that
there's a hole here at the bottom if you
put just give a little puff of air into
that it should expand like so and then
you can gently shape this to be more
cubical or you can keep it round if you
like
like so and I'm you want to then go
ahead and make it shape the ears a
little bit if you can open them up a
little bit in the center so and those
are the ears and then if you want of
course you can draw a little eyes if you
like on here or just leave it the way it
is but otherwise this is the completed
project for today a little puffy little
bunny thanks so much for watching I'll
see you next time